Create ui-c8y-1018-503-101-remove-alert-message-from-copy-to-clipboard-test-6550.md (#2195)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1018-503-101-remove-alert-message-from-copy-to-clipboard-test-6550.md

---
date: ""

> title: remove alert message from Copy to clipboard test (#6550)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Removed alert message from copy to clipboard test
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-59634
version: 1018.503.101
---

> remove alert message from Copy to clipboard test (#6550)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In the past, when running the copy to clipboard test, an alert message was displayed to the user which was disruptive. This change removes the alert message from the copy to clipboard test to provide a smoother user experience. The removal of the alert message has no impact on the functionality of the copy to clipboard feature or the test itself.
```
